Document and demo SUSEConnect dev environment best practices (#394)
SUSE/connect-ng: README.md

SUSEConnect-ng communicates with SCC over this [REST API](https://github.com/SUSE/connect/blob/master/doc/SCC-API-%28Implemented%29.md).

### Prerequisites
The following tools should be available and verified as working:

  * A Golang v1.24 or later environment
    * needed to run certain go commands locally for testing and
      validation.
  * `git`

>   * `docker`

Reviewer: Probably should include `make` in this list for completeness, e.g. 
```suggestion
  * `make`
  * `docker`
```

    * `docker` is required for the [SUSE/connect-ng](github.com/SUSE/connect-ng) repo
      tooling.

### Quick Start

  * Clone the repo
      ```bash
      git clone https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng
      cd connect-ng
      ```

>   * When build for the first time, Always execute 

Reviewer 2: s/build/building/
s/Always/always/  (or just remove the word, either is fine)

      ```bash
      make vendor
      ```

  * Run build which will create `out/suseconnect` binary.

>       ```

Reviewer 2: is there a benefit or disadvantage to not using "```bash" here like is used in the other blocks? I don't have a preference other than that its consistent

      make build
      ```

>   * To run all unit tests

Reviewer: Not sure that "all" is really required here... It suggests targeted unit testing which our Makefile tooling doesn't currently support.

```suggestion
  * To run the unit tests
```

      ```
      make test
      ```

>   * To run all feature tests

Reviewer: Ditto on the "all" here.

```suggestion
  * To run the feature tests
```

Reviewer: Thinking about it a bit more I would recommend moving bullet up above the unit tests, and call it "Setup `.env` file" or similar, since it will soon be required by more than just the feature tests, e.g. the Agama integration tests, and possibly some migration integration tests...

    * Copy .env-example file to .env file and fill following values
        ```
        REGCODE= <regcode>
        HA_REGCODE= <ha regcode>

>         EXPIRED_REGCODE= <regcode> 

Reviewer: There shouldn't be a space after the `=` in these examples, and it would probably be a good idea to replicate the example pattern use further down the README.md, in the [feature tests section](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng#feature-tests), where the values are wrapped in double quotes:

```suggestion
        REGCODE="<regcode>"
        HA_REGCODE="<ha regcode>"
        EXPIRED_REGCODE="<regcode>"
```

Also the [feature tests section](https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng#feature-tests) should be updated as part of this PR so that it matches the current `.env-example` contents.

Reviewer: Looks like @digitaltom is addressing the misnaming in the feature tests section as part of his #389 changes, so you don't need to worry about that.

Reviewer: Or you can pull in his changes in that area, if it isn't going to be merged any time soon

>         EXPIRED_REGCODE= <regcode> 

Reviewer 2: is the EXPIRED_REGCODE required or is this for testing specific use cases? Maybe not in this section, but I'm curious where would one get an expired regcode

Reviewer 3: An expired reg code is required to run the expired regcode feature test. We have one, external users may or may not. If not the test still get run as part of CI, so not a huge issue.

Reviewer 2: we may need to document somewhere internally where to look for it. I agree with not including it in the readme just in case.

        ```

        These regcodes can be your personal regcodes attached to your organization. Please refer `https://scc.suse.com/docs/userguide#UG-Activating-and-Managing-Subscriptions`
   

>    * Run all feature tests inside of a container by using the registration codes as provided by the .env file.

Reviewer: Ditto on the "all" here, and a minor textual tweak

```suggestion
   * Run the feature tests within a container using the registration codes provided by the .env file.
```

       ```
       make feature-tests
       ```

>   * To run all YAST2 registration tests

Reviewer: Ditto on the "all" here...

```suggestion
  * To run the YAST2 registration tests
```

SUSEConnect-ng communicates with SCC over this [REST API](https://github.com/SUSE/connect/blob/master/doc/SCC-API-%28Implemented%29.md).

### Prerequisites
The following tools should be available and verified as working:

  * A Golang v1.24 or later environment
    * needed to run certain go commands locally for testing and
      validation.
  * `git`
  * `make`
  * `docker`

>     * `docker` is required for the [SUSE/connect-ng](github.com/SUSE/connect-ng) repo

Reviewer 2: not sure if we need more detail here, but at a glance I have no notion of what "tooling" refers to here.

      tooling.

### Quick Start

  * Clone the repo
      ```
      git clone https://github.com/SUSE/connect-ng
      cd connect-ng
      ```

  * When building for the first time, execute 
      ```
      make vendor
      ```

  * Run build which will create `out/suseconnect` binary.
      ```
      make build
      ```

  * Setup .env file to run tests
    * Copy .env-example file to .env file and fill following values
        ```
        REGCODE="<regcode>"
        HA_REGCODE="<ha regcode>"
        EXPIRED_REGCODE="<regcode>"
        ```

>         These regcodes can be your personal regcodes attached to your organization. Please refer `https://scc.suse.com/docs/userguide#UG-Activating-and-Managing-Subscriptions`

Reviewer 2: can we make this a hyperlink instead of a quote?
[UG-Activating-and-Managing-Subscriptions](https://scc.suse.com/docs/userguide#UG-Activating-and-Managing-Subscriptions)

```
[UG-Activating-and-Managing-Subscriptions](https://scc.suse.com/docs/userguide#UG-Activating-and-Managing-Subscriptions)
```

Reviewer 2: maybe exclude the `UG` in the text, so it would be:

```
[Activating-and-Managing-Subscriptions](https://scc.suse.com/docs/userguide#UG-Activating-and-Managing-Subscriptions)
```
